So, guys, now let us summarize what we have done so far.
We have just got our list library by registering the key match back to how to search the application
of specific data, which is being held by the doubly linked list library and depending on the key.
All application developer need to write a key match callback for the data type, which will be maintained
by the library, right.
So, for example, we wrote key match callback functions, one for a student and another one for employee
structures.
We have nicely delegated the search operation onto the library.
Right.
So now it is the library which is iterating over a linked list and trying to locate the intrusted data
based on a key.
And we don't have to write such logic on the application side again and again for different type of
structures.
Library performance applications, specific operation Soheir application specific operation means comparing
the data that is being held by the node of a linked list with the key.
So it is an application, a specific operation, right?
So Library performs application, a specific application by invoking application specific functions
through generate callbacks.
So have you written any application specific court in our library that is not agnolotti?
Answer is no.
We have not written any application of specific code in our library and therefore our libraries still
continue to be application agnostic.
Right?
We have not violated this rule.
So an industry, you will find this technique everywhere.
But in my experience, I have noticed that students don't make use of callbacks in this way and they
keep on implementing such operation again and again for different instances of data structure, such
as doubly linked list that they are using.
And we already know that this leads to code duplication and unmaintainable code.
So let us see how we can apply the same concept to provide intelligence to our library so that now application
can insert the data in sorted order.
And for that we need to register a comparison callback.
So let us discuss next.
How can we achieve this goal?